Add end-user documentation for CCS using async-search (#96507)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/async-search.asciidoc

enforce the execution of a pre-filter roundtrip to retrieve statistics from
each shard so that the ones that surely don't hold any document matching the
query get skipped.
* `ccs_minimize_roundtrips` defaults to `true` (same as the synchronous search API).

> When doing a cross-cluster search, setting it to `true` may improve overall search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing a {ccs}, setting it to `true` may improve overall search
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

> clusters with a large number of nodes. However, when set to `true`, search

Reviewer 2: I see number of nodes being mentioned, but like I mentioned before, the performance is a factor of the number of shards and not the number nodes.

Reviewer 2: ops, seems like I had started a review which I forgot to submit, no wonder why the comment was not addressed :)

Author: Thanks. Fixed.
